Added to what? My favorite bar that you text. OK, so it's reading now. OK, now do you Let's begin my online lecture. My video should last no more than 25 minutes. Is the fee come here? OK, I think I rather not use the audacity. OK, take photo and start recording. This should be lost. Let me see my alarm clock. 25 minutes start, 3 minutes starts maximum. There we go and then we'll go to auto AI and I should start soon but I don't want to use auto EI now OK, let me just try to start my lecture, OK? Basically guys if it's enough to get stay enough long enough to. Uh, for me to show you the actual cause, apply for. Oh, stop. OK, that means my folders filling up. That means to collect some **** really. But you know, I don't have difficulty. Quantum for the Flash. OK, this one here, I I don't really know here. Let me claim my downloads really on my desktop so I can clear all of this here. OK, now I'll start clear of it. Hmm, I cannot shoot to record especially basically guys in some time. I'm just trying to recycling bin. Let me just empty it empty oK. OK, I'll try again. I don't know what's the time. I haven't. OK, let me start again. It should work. Now start recording. So basically this video is split into three parts, but you know, three parts the minimum. Let's be done properly. Uh, properly too, well, properly done, uh, correctly, uh, with consensus. So let me start with the quantum theory. I have, uh, my quantum field theory expansion, but I got my notes everything here, so she should be fine. Uh, an order actually. So, uh, basically, uh, isn't policy acquisition workers optional? And you know, we. So there's something called a consensus system, consistent means like you know, you give consent, you know you, you give consent, you don't wait for consent after consent, you give consent. So that's the idea of consensus. So it's basically like a sports modeling of attack defense on offense, 'cause you know, this one is autistic like me wants to be attacked. You know, don't wanna be attacked. They don't have to give consent for that, you know. So that's just banning on human rational. I don't know, it's a human being. Oh, do you do you want consent to admit to Turkey and, you know, attack it from attacking them, the offensive from offending them? Obviously if I want to defend myself, I attack them indirectly. So I defend myself and attack someone as autistic. Or new diverges. So I defend myself to give him a normal note to do my best electoral council just to me. And you know, I can defend myself directly by my social worker going to me and saying nurses to me. So basically that's just a spouse model. So consensus means like you don't wait till you to give consensus on you. Actually, you know, it's your right first one to do it so. Based on three, two to one mapping. So basically you have two public keys or one private key. You keep the private key, but I never tell people the public key do the public key don't really care. But you know, the two public keys work on the same data, the same sparse data, sparse defense data, but you know they they rotate. Because they know how to rotate 'cause you know if they are doing either the public keys, they they they only keep the data altogether. But you they are probably you can expose this or until just post it on x.com. Supposed to enter forever, but you know, that's what I'm saying guys, the spouse methods. I can literally just have the keys in there well there forever and they'll be there forever out, you know 'cause they will beat, you know they last forever. But if I have two private keys, you can put one information. I need the information changes. I know, I know, I know it's been tampered with us. So if you wanna catch someone, just put something. Like that in something there and see what they're doing. OK, document is listening. This is my quantum theory model. Oh, I'm going to run around to the front. Nice. This video have to upload it as soon as possible. OK, so this video is on something called my mother of Ponyfield Theory. OK, so basically it's not twice anything coherent. I will start cooking. So you got the coherence operators, which I made A union A is a + a equals to a or and and and because it's union, so it's union set union and #3 union. A + A * A = a ^2. So this is, you know, this is just a model of it. So the operands are plus and times define the union of opportunity, you know, as a coherent system, a Korean quantum system, you know. Don't collapse under the sheer noise of the world. But you know, I then a star actually my A star because I'm giving myself an A star in a quantum physics 'cause I know I saw the problem. I think for myself anyway. All soft streaks are structured. So basically the substrate things are is basically can make it a substrate. You know, if you get all the information you ever need to solve that quantum problem and but you know, that's such a busy that's Cartesian model. So if you can give it, if it gives like a something quite a system like a computer, a quantum computer, the structure to. Of radio waves, you can see radio waves, but you know you don't need to see the whole electromagnetic structure which will agree with this right By the way, so A and the structure is like you know the flexible 1. So if the structure is just the soft structure, it's a substrate, it's a sub structure. So the substrate is a part of that bigger set the radio is part of because of. Of the of the whole internal election. OK, completely guys OK now now for every union there's a non union a district basically just a sex theory union negate there's a disjoint in a you know on a subset of you know gotcha set theory with number theory. Classical number theory and the polar #3 because you know I'm going to give you the most complete example. Precise and accurate measurement of the system. A disjoint a a -, A equals absol. Now, now epsilon, epsilon state is this. So you see this epsilon state normally you see this guy says. This is very important to understand. The epsilon stage is just a neo state. It just means nothing. But the neo state has two ways. The neo means nothing, but what does nothing mean? Nothing means nothing. The quantum field so the field around this is nothing so the epsilon field for a A is nothing so. It can be radio waste. Rent money equals rent money. What is the rent money? It's OK. Rent rent when you pay rent. Truck rent, rent money rent. When I rent an open truck 'cause I'm using for example, rent for radio is M for microwaves, rent money, money for microwaves, microwave ovens, microwave signal I for infrared, indigo for infrared, I for inner is visible. Visible spectrum. The light we see visible. You can see the waves, you know the color, everything. Uh, that money is visible under ultraviolet X for X-ray. Ultraviolet cancer detection. X-ray gamma rays. X-ray my bones like a. Some reason ultraviolet, you know things we see in the sun, you get ultraviolet lace you can get burnt by the sun. You can get especially when they put cream on 'cause you know they affect the cream if you turn too much, you turn it so you can use auto rest as you want to get you turn your ultra extra Violet the the X-ray bone for the bone. Both to see your calcium, uh, Gemma rays, you know, Gemma rays or radiation. This can can cohere the whole biological system. Uh, they get from the it's uh, uh, uh, showed in you from the wave. I'll come up to urgently you from the wave with epsilon, uh, encoding state has to be defined properly. Before you even started. So I'm going to give you that the the the the model here. So for the this train set a not a a -, A is epsilon a. Just read yours. Just radio waves, not even like radio waves. What do I mean by radio is you can basically it's not visible lights. Now it's about radios. This would be once you go to the start, start thinking about other things in our lives within our lifestyle, rejoice. So radio wave is like a interactive other radio wave. So basically I see my channel. Was not a perfect tune. It's a good static in it because as soon as channels I'm I'm disconnected from the I'm trying to tune out. But the Channel 2 is not perfect, but you know it's it's trying to tune in and out of the whole and try spectrum. Another problem with the radio system, it doesn't think about the radio. Run later was alone. He has to focus on tuning out. Literally it's, it's working. Basically, the digital system does not decode it coherently via the content principles. Basically, digital companies can do it, but, you know, we don't really think about that. We want to move our lives, you know. So I'm making my own radio to do this 'cause I'm really bored of this. So my goal is to make my own. So I can hear you forever in cars now. What's a while ago? I get a radio signal. OK, so red ship, we are moving away. The universe is expanding simple stuff. Redshift. We get more red waves. Sir, why this matters? Why this matters? So a A -, A is epsilon a. 00 if I 2 - 2. There's nothing, but I'm nothing is something. Nothing is something so, but the system has to encode it still at some nothing, so we get 2. Basically you get EE, you get an epsilon state, which is nothing, a good epsilon epsilon. Of a also, you know, epsilon, epsilon A and then obviously there's no state and there's no transition that's a nil and IR. Now do you remember that? So basically the nil of radio encryption, you know, basically starting a radio wave have to tune it to an angle 'cause you have to tune to something, but you know the system's rotated basically so. If not, you need to something what you need to do nothing. I'm trying to basically the other spectrum, you know, 'cause there's nothing to do this. You have to go round, round, round around, you know. So the district A is Neil, Neil of research and you know, that's the big one of the minds of this league. There's a clamp function. OK, but B is what human sees. I am measuring A. So this is. Measurement problem. So I want to what measure BB is a rigid channel, but you know, I'm from A. But my basically quantum principles superposition, I don't really have to go to A to B to tune it in a 'cause it's just there. I'm just a fine B, you know? That no, I, I'm dead. I'm only there in the metaphysical, uh, in the radio is, you know, if you can find greatest, I already know where I'm going when I'm listening to, you know, you can see, you know, there's no information to the code. It's just the whole structure has been given to me. But you know, I'm basically like a fortune. I'm looking at I'm, I'm looking this way, but you know, the I'm looking this way, but the photos come in my. Isis with the lights, the lights come in with when I when my life goes into this way and I'm the I I see you guys, you and I'm in the in the future. So like, you know, I'm seeing myself here, but the photon is just I'm going this way. So I'm saying to you, dude, it's kind of a polarization heuristic depth. So the thing about defining A polarization or polarity polarity. But you know, politics work on heuristics, but this heuristic equity bound they, they like a competition equity. I don't like the time competition equity. I like the time 'cause it depends can be free. It doesn't. I, I need some I need some equilibrium, computational equilibrium because you know, the system basically I'm seeing this, I'm seeing the computer, right? I'm not get I'm the computer. See me uh can't see me because nothing there's nothing observing my state. You know 'cause you could, you know if you could see me yes, yes, it's gonna my, my car can see me, but you know, there's nothing measuring my state to make me basically I can. Lucy, this was the probability is supposed to induce. If I tune into the radio, I am tuning in and out of of channels, but this channel is open along with but you know every channel has a message when I broadcast me and the message can be. The actual information I'm getting from the system. So once this you guys, you know, it's a cause and effectuality. Do I, You know, for this system to work for the whole radio channel, there has to be some kind of a uniformity, uniformity amongst originals, you know? 'Cause you know the you know everyone shares 1 channel. Then it gets like start to get some noisy and no one can hear each other. No one can find anyone hear anything the information of B. So a I'm trying to go from A to B is opposed by glimpse. Basically I can glimpse at B and try to get information. But you know, it's not perfect. So my system just then I lose access to a So that's what I'm saying again, obviously I'm gonna be oh, why? What can I find be against the strategy? Like I think it's more stressful 'cause I guess probably. So I'm, I'm thinking about the stress of my life as an energy to the strain of the. Try to measure something it doesn't know or does not stop 'cause you know, I, I just, I, I wake up, I, I hear the radio, but I don't know what the radio channels are. LBC station, NBC News, NBC. I don't know what they are, you know, I just tuned them. I can find them sometime and I know what, but you know, the digital phone, you know, I can find you can switch channels as well. We can jump, jump, jump, you know, but the idea of that to make something, get something out of this channel. So I can't find that Channel where everyone is. So basically. The information is not really my concern, you know it's where I'm operating. The field of information operating the substructure is where I'm looking for. I'm looking for. Basically you can models as a Morse code, namely Morse code. Basically you can use Morse code them to to predict ahead of time. You can direct it symbiotic evolution with C, not get an X or Gates. Uh, basically seen those gates are for, uh, modeling, uh, system that are, uh, system that can go on or forever. So basically X my a not. So basically can get a glimpse out of system, but you don't get any information that you want out of it. Can keep learning from that information definitely, but I just won't give you nothing, next to nothing because she doesn't want you to hear my eyes see you seem like a you at a position. Basically, I can see you on your phone 'cause you know. It's enough of but you know I want to see you in real time. You know, it doesn't matter where you are. I want to see from your eyes to your eyes, you know, from, you know, but I don't know where you are, but we live in the same place, you know, especially the address is not we, we live in the same place. But I wanna know. Especially time is an element of this 'cause it's supposed to affect quality. Completely given my childhood memories back, I'm going to nearly fixing my childhood. I just think about stress may or may not the one basically. OK so the problem is A is a substructure of B. But B can be a radio wave too, you know, or not you know, can be a poison in A or corrupt. So basically can be a noise or signal can be a incomplete signal, but doesn't get it. I'm not getting the full picture where the location channel be what's hurt? Is it like on 1000 Hertz, 180 Hertz, 1000 Hertz, 100 Hertz is the standard. Signals but you know I think this way I think that's able to see label didn't change it to 2080 Hertz you know just for reality check you know please don't find ABC News and where they are now airplane basically you have to find some kind of a a a bidirectional no tridirectional consensus and coding system so I. Pull information from FB without knowing what B is. But if B basically I'm thinking of it like further Ali systems. So basically if I have like AABB doesn't need to give me give me all the consensus to know where it is. Uh, to not know, uh, basically, we can give me two sort of consensus, you know, uh, based on a superposition. The first consensus is labeled with the BLBC can give me is what, uh, what? Uh, we not, we not, we never in this, we never allowed this to go in this formation, you know, before even look, before even try to find. Whether you are never allowed to look this place 'cause I will never be there, you know, 'cause you know, it doesn't make sense looking there. So this is like a religious 100 heads to 180 heads. It's like in my boundary. So I would never jump to 'cause we just see some do it 100 Hertz to 180 Hertz. I just don't think, you know, that's more. Position, if you want to pull position myself, polarity after the fight, some kind of clamp function that never exceeds its boundary because you know, that's what they're buying, that's what they're buying. So polarity. Give me so I want to super, you want to connect with me, you want to never never be out of bound out of bound between 180 very important guys understand that hurts hurts, which is the frequency of hurts. For me, Joyce, and then splitting entanglement for you to connect with me, you know, you have to like call in on this phone number. You know, you can speak on your own. So that's what you can really. So you can this one, it's like a, it's like a metadata, but the metadata is just a phone number. So like A and interference. Constructing from it different from it's basically they have to work on a quantum principle for you to speak to me, speak to me on my phone. I'll be see after calling on this quantum phone number. You know, this is like a it's like a I'm in this and it's like a bound to the one of the 18 to allow me to jump this if they go for one. Uh to uh wants to to UH-186 I want. 100 to 101 hundred Hertz to 18180. Which one is I do 175, there's some kind of something including function, let's call it Moscow. Basically I don't refer anything in Word 'cause you know, I prefer functions. Basically the most code has some pattern to it, but that part is it's not easily. It doesn't give you information for information is like a mixing more flexible for everyone. So you can define common 2 to 1 topology, so. Two public keys 'cause they have particular channels, they, they don't give specifically gives a public, two public private keys. So we don't know where the channel is, but they keep one public key and you know, they give us the full consensus to find us for the policy. And how does it work guys? Very well, guys, you do this right. Let me try to compute it now. Let's intercomputed 'cause you know, I love computers basically because 180 has a 100 Hertz again to 180 Hertz Hertz. So you get it. So you get like a like a basically you get a 2 to one, they give us two, we get, they give us, they keep what, two public keys? So he was recently the shuffle, the shuffle, I'm gonna shuffle twice and give us one output. So basically if it's a random shuffle, you know, random shuffle, they give us 100 to 188 and then a shuffle. And then I'll be in this zone. I must basically. Pick a random piece of pick a random. Basically, you know, can start with randomness and become something else. You know, this is a random generator, but you know, let's get towards evolution. So that's what I'm saying in that, you know, you don't get, it's not magic trick. It's like a magic trick in real life. Basically, there's no magic trick in this computer. I have AI have a 2 random numbers 22 probably you have two. Is you keep and you have one private key, so this can be two Morse code or two numbers. Two number AAA2A. OK, what's a? 800 between 180 or two, your two numbers 24 + 6. Oh yes, yes. So so there's two numbers you're gonna give you as based on the map. And so if I, if I did a district things that don't don't wanna do so let me just do a drink district first. 100 and a hundred 280 Hertz and now would be the maximum district from this would be union 100 a hundred 100 digit 100 + 80 plus. 100 one 80 + 100 equals what? Under Hertz? This is I'm not allowed to go past 180 + 100 is what? UH-280, No 280. Oh, sorry. Nothing. Let's say joint OK, 180 minus OK, basically 100 two 180 is just rounded. 180 minutes is a month 80 -, 80 hurts. 80 most 80 years, but you know this is shot from talking about so all that never matters. Order never matters what you have to do the basically ******* fly. 180 a 100 - 180 Hertz is a valid. Which is the first answer. So if you get 2 numbers 1-2 numbers 2, this is. 118 key 180 hurts and now, now flip it now 100 no 180 what -100 is what 80? Never be more channeled 80 -, 82. To. -80 Hertz 2. 100. No must Etihad's uh and and, uh, so 'cause and uh, 182. And 82 my 8280 hearts I'll never be in that range. So don't search me that, but I have to get somewhere will be so. I'll be here. 100 especially 100 plus or eighty 100 + 180 is what So OK, my completion of calculator guys, it's annoying me so this doesn't keep me calling to you before this now. Let me try to do it properly. Actually, this is this property, you know, this is our our na GE. I want to talk to Chocolate Steam restaurant again. OK, basically it's not stopping now, but if you do is trying to get over just again hundreds TO10018018 give me 186 and I do a -, a disjoint minus on. 100 plus. 100 -, 180. It's -80 -, 80. 2. 180 minus. -100 that you bought. 100 uh. 180 miles off I basically get my 100. Basically you get my hundred 180 -, + 100 -, 100. Because you know, basically plus 100 question plus 100 question. You don't flip a chicken, you keep the plus you know 180 must 180 + 100. That would be what -126. I'll be not in. Oh, no, sorry, I'll be busily -180 my. Well, it's 180. 100. OK can you do properly so i'll do them properly might might as well 100 + - 1 828280 Hertz. Sir, I'll never be in the 280 S range. Oh, sorry, uh, 100 -, 180. 8I would have been 80 and I'll flip it the other way 'cause they're thinking about where I'll be. Oh, don't be -180. Uh, this is UH-080. So I'll never be in the 80 Hertz range, 80 Hertz, because, you know, I get 280 Hertz. I've never been in 80 Hertz because I get 280 Hertz, 280 Hertz. I'll never be there. Never be. Don't start, don't start with them, you know, but that's just the state of lobbying. Uh, but this is such a that's just too much too. But this is just the first. This is the start. It doesn't mean to start. Now I get to where I'll be. So basically just get 2 numbers. Oh, no, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. Oh stop. OK, that's the start of the range now do you 100 + 180? Is what 180 Perce UH-180 a bit? The start of the end is negative, negative. So this is a positive and it's the positive. It's end of the start. This is the start of the end. So you get start end. So you get the the end of the start. What do you start looking for me and get the start of the start? Of the range so if I get it and now being oh this is not be the the version so I can do 100 divided by. 'Cause you know everything about all the things that. A whole new divide by eating 100 / 180 is what? Oh oh it's 0.5. And that's the start of the start and they get, they get only developed by 100 and that'll be what 1 penny, So I'll be 0.52. Eight, I will never be there, never be there. I will never be there. I will never be in 0.521 point. A channel or something else going on there, I don't know. This is something going on there and you know, and they get the other one of the stuff. So 1035 hurts to point 1.8. Obviously when you get the 80 to 80 Hertz because you know you flip it 100 -, 1, it is 80. He had to so to eat and not be stopped. 0.5 to 80. Look for me there mean to Max, you know, for LBC now it can be 18618. But you know, we just want to change everything, the whole thing, you know, let's combine new things, you know, we'll just keep it simple for now. Now let's continue. So where would I be? You know what would I be? So I would conclude a union set. So all the things that union union. Equals AB squared a ^2, a ^2. I'm looking for what honestly, I'm gonna have a key here. Obviously, that's the first key. That's just the standard key. This is the seed, the real world seed for just like a seed. So if you wanna, if you don't wanna see me, you start from here 0.5 to 0. Here, but this is just for 2.5 to 3.8. We can find the 55555528080. Do you prefer to eat? Don't look for me here. I'll never be there. But you know I'll never be there. So that's the first one, 218. AT Hut and that would be the normal standard fee, but that that's the full thing basically. So what I'll do now is a union and. Something called the the the if I'll never be there just to be a negative equivalent of it. So you know, so if you flip all the operators, that's a conjugate. So basically if I'm never at, if I'm never here in the positive 10.52. This is a -1 the one. That's the one. Case for me to be so. So that's the positive for some again, so I do the same thing -100. 100 So this is good 100 Hertz to 180 Hertz, but now the opposite would be 100. You can't get it's called a conjugate, the flip conjugate 100 Hertz. 2 -, 100 Hertz. If I do. That. Uh, uh, so you get a A -, 100 to 100. So it's -100 so how much? Hundreds. Plot on 100 + + -, 180. We'll make it 1 -, 118. -180. So to get this. 100. I don't know what. My phone basically 100 plus what's uh oh, so this is that's the opposite 1. So I'm trying to unify. So this is the opposite one with the unification of it. Uh, but you know, it's not basically I'm basically going to new one, go to first one. I've been here the QA 1. So I'm going to be here, but you know, you get to flip the other one. So I'll be in union. Dish union, Dish union, type A, type A discovery one. But can you get one with type B? You flip on it. So this will be the disunion. So that would be a -, 100 Hertz. 2 with the range of a -1 ET. And that'll be the dish unit. This is gonna be like a -, 118. Hertz plus, you know, no, basically you calculate the minus because you don't calculate the addition. No stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. I'm just start again. So you get -100 minus what? Because you keep the negative sign 'cause you minus the minus what -180. A + 180 so that'll be minus plus plus. Minus is minus, so minus -80. 11 minus plus or plus. Minus or plus is minus, plus is minus. Minus plus means minus is a -, a -, a minus. 118 so you never see me in the range plus one eighteen 0.52. 80 and then a A1 this union one, this unit and then a you did this union B, you know you can this unit B. You never see me in the range of plus 180 and above. To the other one conjugate other thing. So basically the spacious is kind of a circle can be he's a he's a pie to come the number pie to computers. You know, 'cause you can come to the area we can see in the field of view or we can compute mathematically, you know, but you know, opportunism, you know, this is more theoretical now, but you know, I'm gonna just get it done. So, so that's -100 you said you get. One district A 0.522. To 80 Hertz and then this string be. Uh, would be uh. 180 hurts 3. Uh, that's a + 182 watts. Uh, uh, rupee 5, you know, 'cause that's this is the, this is this is checking when so busy. This isn't, this isn't like this is just a, a opposite of it. But you know, that's just a different A&B of the radio wave, the radio wave 1 and we got the joint that's union 1, union B union. Oh, sorry. Of B 'cause I'm a union B, Union B. So union B will be the same thing. But where I wanna be? So union B will be what, 100 again, 100 to 180? Well again. And then union B would be union B, Union B from A. We'll find way. Union B will be where ATB. So I pick another number, where do I be 100 to 180? And then I say, OK, where do you want me? I'll be in this way, but give me some kind of random. So this is a big, this is like a subcategory. So it can be some kind of two numbers given to you. This entanglement, you know how to entangle yourself to this signal. Here and stop the order and this kind of order noise, it can just be basically the metadata has been given already. This is the a, a like you know the to me a there's two keys, 2 keys, public key 1 for me. Just listening. B probably B A/B A/B me, can't you and you say I get my own personal mind can be like in a a Jew ideal something that's referral to me. So to be I can be like a a a like, you know, the same. Basically, I can pull up two numbers too. I can put like a let me. 2 numbers are 25, Christina. That's a big range and. 10 because that's with two keys to heal each other as business pass models here trying to prove overseal OK the AUA for R for U for or umbrella R for Romeo A for alpha CL I cannot seal steam so basically I can now define. I want to find it, uh, the way basically, there's no way I'm gonna be, uh, something I wanna know this. I can't be here. I don't, I never wanna be here. Something I wanna know so I can see this somewhere else. Umm, based on the seat evolution thing and keep the private key my reference to it. But you know, I'm seeing that that's how it works in the real world. Umm here, let me try to do it so basically the can be can stop. Isn't it just I never want to be someone I have to get some. Let me just give myself 25 and 10100 + 25125 Hertz is what 125 S my key my seat is what my personal seat is 25 Hey and then you know you have to work with some operation. Umm, union, uh, uh, union. UH-25 let's give you uniform. I need 50 Hertz range maximum so that'll be 150 Hertz for my key to log in 150 Hertz form 100 from the zero. So basically zero to 0.5 to. It hurts. I'm allowed from here if I start a group of five Hertz, I'm allowed to be plus 5050 Hertz, in case anybody knows in the channel on that Channel, on that Channel, that Channel of analog channel. So I can get 50 ahead to get 2 keys, 25 and 25 extras. I get 50 keys total 'cause it's not it's not a digital channel, it's an analogue channel, so. This is just not gonna be on the channel, but cannot be if I want to stop. If I want to close my account, I'll just close one of two both my keys to rejoin and then we go shopping. So I can move this shaft, move this 3.5 here. Plus 50 if I'm dynamic. If the argument is dynamic but you know it's gonna but you know that's plus. Now the plus one. Now I get the 2 keys. One keys were the public one. Public one given to me. Uh, basically, just basically, OK, one key, it can be 25 or two keys 25 + 2550. If it's two public keys to one. If it's a private channel, really private channel 'cause I need one more public key, we can get two public key 50. Now let's keep two public key 25 * 2. 15 so it can be. Keys and log into a private channel it's LBC at any time 'cause it's public, you know you know if I have any consensus I wouldn't always feel. So, so basically my goal here is to entangle my sticks with the field. So basically the whole idea is if you're watching it, you are everyone's a **** and a **** and a buck. So I can be I can what? I'm basically if I want something there in a coin channel, I, you know, say I don't really have to. Give consent to open it. You know, I don't have to say this. I don't know if it takes you. This is my thing. Send it now. You know I would say OK yes, this actor was mine. Says I'm there forever until some until. This is called polarization. So this configuration, I see my stuff, I'm always I my stuff. But you know, if it's not, if I close my eyes, it disappears. You know, if I ever show my, my public key, it's appears 'cause you know, 'cause you know, no, I'm the only one opening my eyes to see that Channel. You know from LBC polarity. Basically polarity is just the concept of like I start with this, I start with this combination, but you know, I start with the combination XY. But XY implies order order X to Y but I don't give it order. So why not just want to X, you know, from going down, down. Time is done, but doesn't mean anything. So down if you need down if I'm going down, going down the stairs, you know, going down the channel, there's no actual channel to go down, but this is channel this up and down in the way spectrum the wavelength, but that's not. Thing that you consider you go a latitude of the way you got the the wavelength and the wave amplitude, the amplitude that the amplitude, the frequency how how much isolates you know. So the wave amplitude wavelength is like the the the. Street of the structure, the wave amplitude is how that structure also got oscillation, which is the up and down of the string. And you know basically it's just frequency and frequency is just. The station you're tuning out, you know, basically the system is bi directional. There's no cause and effect principle unless you. Involved because you know it's instantaneous. So this is entangled 'cause you know every wave remains coherent because there's the natural who can heal decoration. They have a way that the information propagates and distribute uniformly. Uh, with no effect to its cause. Uh, for example, I kinda, I kinda, I can, I can, I can go to a YouTube channel and then my YouTube channel and then for me, I can observe my YouTube channel directly. Uh, uh, direct confirmation channel. And then I'm trying to send a picture someone to my mind, but that picture will not just go in my head, you know? Oh. If I want to tell someone to see through my someone should I can say OK go to YouTube channel? I'm thinking now very poorly now. After, when I close my eyes, I still see my channel. No one can, no one can go there 'cause, you know, given that part, 'cause there's no consensus there to read that document. It's a pointer problem, 'cause, you know, it's called a point of location. It's a point basically, if you have a photo, a folder, a folder, B&A has a soft folder. A a AA1 and a BA2A2 But those two ABA 1A1 and AB you get BB1 and B2 isomorphic. Then it's not really no use for hierarchy. You know there's no basically, if a promo condition files the source of problems and A2 contains some files that solve the same problem solve like a the recovery of the problem it too. And then B2 does BE1B2 does the same thing. You know this is spectrum model cause citrinus 'cause you know it's not. Linear, it's not. It's just categorical, you know? So basically if a one is equal to A2BB1 promising B1 like, you know, I think I take a file and I drag it to B1. Now B1 does the same thing. To A and you know, then, you know, do you know this one? And then that file is then and doesn't need to operate on, you know, 'cause you know, the file doesn't need to recover this automatically back into Bing. But you know how this works. Listening. Well, listen, this is completely. If I copied 2 files in two computers, I get a pointer to that file. That pointer is done, it's just to show the show hand file. But that show comfort is just a like a like a like a the minimal, the conversion of the. But if I didn't see the conversion in the hierarchical E1, it has roots and then I get AB1. But B1 has usage boots. B1 is children but it's basically B1 is a brute of its own. But you know B1B1 is a root of A1 and you get BA. 1 is a 2 and then a two folder and same hierarchy. I should route 2 so to get route one and route 2, you know this can be the same as B1A2A1 where B1 is rich and B2A2B2A2 is rich. So basically this. That's kind of heterogeneous problem mapping. So if you ever use A1 to B1 to A2. Of points and mismatch. Basically if I ever try to move B2B1 into on top of a one and then you get a diamond busy. This is the same thing in model begin diamond dependency issue. Entire system is not conscious. So basically something has to go 'cause you know you know something has to be removed. So this one. Question is a system being homogeneous, I'm working linear principles. It works on signals and the signals are can be go go, go, keep going, keep going, keep going based on the field evolving view into to keep inconsistent principles. You know 'cause they just just like a give no consent to act just. I need I knew I did this now this one. Oh, 14 minutes install. Umm, I don't believe I see a priority property. So basically PA is just property of a, uh, just what I wanna see. Uh, C&B. But you know, I basically I'm AB right now, but B does, I don't want anybody to see me. So why do I see? I just, I just calculated my probability of someone being where I wanna I am on LBC and just remove them. There's no one there before I go there because he was on there then someone's listening there already. So when I when I have the public keys, you have two keys. I go there. I said no shop one key and then I think he won. He wonky. This is I observed my state observed only my state, my, my speech, you know, and then keep all the key isolated. So this afternoon comes. Epsilon, now epsilon means no state and no transition doesn't mean the key is not valid. It just means I'm not using it. I'm not using it. So I keep I keep the door shut shut so you know, and I do my communication with my own private key. I really had a channel back into where when I if I wanted to start, you know, but you know what I'm saying so. 'Cause obviously the keys can be two bubble keys. Now the keys are public, public only. So you get the key can be in a rotation. So you can I can I can I can send my public key. First one public key I can get authenticated. Get authenticated and what uh, this is quantum zero trust principles, DKP, uh consensus principles easily ZKP uh file or compression a few governments hierarchy systems, uh business partition the the defense attack and the offenses so I can get, get some. And then log into the private channel, let's call it some of these properties. Oh, oh, oh, which is my channel? And then you are what? A triangle or square? What are you? You are like a bubble. So you are your bubble. You come to my big bubble. I didn't say, OK, by law, shut off your property key. Give me one properties I give you back when you want to leave. You know that's not what I want the time. So I said, OK, you can stay all the time on the friend. You can still tell forever. Just me want to shut off, shut the channel off. Wouldn't press this button and then, you know, just and then I'll shut our communication, but you know, that's like a then and then you know, he said yes and then we can you can come in and I can give you the concept to shut off anytime. So you can come in first and shut up we can get or I can shut you off at any time depending on how it says something high creation so. Actually shut up. Oh, oh the bubble. Oh oh, anyway, two way. But you know, this must remain this two way coherence based on the coding system. Basically, I can start, you know, even with traditions. I wanted to speak her blue shirt, but so I'm doing a Quantum wave 11. Let's look at this hard. But OK. Pelosi is still about nothing. So basically, you want to pull out something, want to be be with nothing, want to be in a zone, click. You want to be in the zone for that buffer. It's like, you know. Or the thermal shield, or let's call it electromagnetic shielding. But you know, if it is a wave, then it is dramatic. It can be pressured, the wave can be pressured to that radius. Basically, we can go bust if it's a classic system and Speaking of signals that doesn't need, but you know, it's like thermal shield. It's basically thermal shield is like a facet of all of this anyway. I can shoot my way in his thumb away, 'cause I I made a challenge, but you know, the channel doesn't snow remain coming here from everyone once you shuffle it basically. So just a concept that you know, I shuffled the stock coherently show myself. It's consensus amongst everyone. So I get consensus, big consensus, and everyone happened basically like a the force equals mass operation. Everything is something I have to put one second, guys, let me just pause. OK, so nominee, continue your work now. OK, OK guys. So basically the consensus is bound to the system constitute of dry dark composite system. Try the system of social structures first. Socially chemical systems, because the socials are just a system. I've got some writing here. It shouldn't extend one hour 'cause I was talking to upload. So basically I can model it in two ways, three ways actually to give some consensus, but you know the two ways only if I want you to be secure consensus. So there's a two kind of one to two mapping. So the one to two mapping is. Heath and two to no for the blue keys for the Aurora sales, but this opportunity because you know this you guys should now so this I can see this here this year. I'll just read it out to you guys. So you got to define an encoding a nail encoding the nil is nothing, no memory. I don't remember anything you said last time, only log it in. New memory cause new state, new state? I don't remember anything. But this is for the new arm absolute arm epsilon. Uh, to positive, negative. So basically the the negative to positive are just conjugates together. The positive, the negative to positive -2 plus. Radio signals and you know, liberty huts and then you get the union and the union on district. So if on a if on a start a union, the additions First off in the district union. I'm trying to connect to what's already connected to why I remembered, you know, because start from the. The dishes, I never know you and then I I'm trying to connect with you for the first time. So I have to get you. This is this is some the current model. So like you can see the disjoint are like a union. It's just I'm connected to you. I've seen you before. Let's continue talking. And the addition first is a kind of do I want to continue? Let me just continue this. I just wanna do instruction radio with to ensure that the light is, but I'm using the final model because, you know, there's no cause and effect that happens. Then you've been plugging A functional time 'cause time is not really. If you're not optimistic time the time 'cause time's auxiliary too. So I can say I want to maximize my time anytime. Basically, time is infinite, the reader is infinite. You can take an uncomfortable infinite set of time using a pie 'cause you know it is. You know, it's kind of funny. I'm thinking of redshift because we're moving away from the center of the sun. Moving away from the so-called center, but no center. So everything just relative to me. So I'm trying to say that, you know, do you just expanding from relative point of view, it's not absolute center to the universe, which can, you know, so this can improve with this model basically. Well, the rest of the model is the rash of I am moving away so I observe more larger, larger waves, you know, so the smaller waves are the father. So and what I'm looking down the spectrum looking at red, red, red. Now I'm observing the the things that happened far back, you know, but you know, far back things I feel further, further, further should appear more red. You know, if you wish was imploding rent money is under Richard of your gear button and thing there's no water to it should be violent, but that was wrong. But you know if you get blue shift or sign shift, I think it's a red money is a visible under extra glasses, which radio waves. They get. Rent money. Why do you believe Roy Violet is the last color of the rainbow? But that's not why he's supposed to be missing. You know, if it's I don't believe leaving that metro kind of because, you know, if the same or something for each other. But if all everything was passed, I mean, I can never evolve and adapt so. Dumb and somewhat true but not fully true, which I say, don't want to buy these guys, I'm a kid. Then we go here. Basically you have like a a divorce basically you got the posting code in plus force, the standard stuff, but you know, you get the plus and the minus force and you get it get 2 positive force. You get a a positive negative force. You get like a negative plus force equals plus Massachusetts plus force equals negative mass solution. Err, because of conjugates. You know you can take a positive force and get a negative and you get a negative Max in the equation and you get a negative force and get a positive. Next force equals 0. Some of the rest stays at rest. But you know 'cause it's called Nets. It's basically the official, this is just next. It's just the uniform for that withdrawing next. So I could just call it next, next force for that question. If you want to interrupt so you can, you can have some thermal shielding, let's call it children, let's call it spectrum shielding or like more radio shielding. And that stops people literally using radio to pick out radio channels and decipher the message. Because you know, New Orleans radio spectrum radio show, then you don't really have to think about the radio is for the coin system, but tracks and models very badly. But it's the Blu-ray, so basically there's kind of a. Into it 'cause you know, if ever further conquerors, you know, it's 50 minutes now. OK guys, let me, oh, let me, I can't put on YouTube 50 minutes guys. I have to end it now. Now guys, I'll continue my messages. Thank you. I'm so smart man. OK, let me just try to. Consensus. OK, now let's try this problem. Uh, so the worst problem now, OK, uh, it should be done. Uh, let me try to stop.